one man three women one night the night
of the iguana since man has known woman
fellas never been such a night how long
do we stray from the straight and narrow
for only when we abide in the Lord I'll
be like cities without walls only then
can we defend ourselves against Satan
and his temptations we cannot rule
ourselves alone I'll rule your spirit
I'll hold you got that child in there
rasuu Shannon I'll see to that I finish
with you there won't be any place left
to hide you know what you're sore about
what you're really sore about that
little coil of yours has a natural
preference for men
what stats doorway I've never know what
that was
that's when a man is seduced by a girl
under 20 take my hand Harry for Thursby
Joseph depart why did they lock you out
for conduct and becoming a man of the
cloth
the trouble is shall I caught the
vibrations between you two if please let
me help let me take it or I got to break
the chain
will mr. Chanin be alright to me alright
all women whether they want to face it
enough I want to see a man in the tied
up situation oh yeah let me out of here
let me
Shannon will emerge triumphant I hate
you you're a hustler a fantastic cool
hustler oh you beast you were building
your nest and you didn't even know it
fantastic
since man has known woman there has
never been such a night
the night of the iguana